Alright! At the time of recording this
video, there's about 15,000 students
enrolled in this course, making it one of
the most popular courses on Spring
Framework. Actually, probably close to
16,000. So, this has been a very popular
course and I've been getting a lot of
feedback. I do take student feedback very
very seriously and use it to improve the
course. I had an idea to recreate the
Spring Pet Clinic. The Spring Pet
Clinic is a reference application
developed in the Spring Framework. I
sent out an email surveying students of
the course and I've got that result up
here on the screen. You can see
94% of you said yes, this
would be an awesome idea to add to the
course. So that's what we were doing here.
In this video, I want to introduce
you to the Spring Pet Clinic. Okay, this
is a presentation. I did not produce this
presentation but I want to go through it.
It's been updated. There is some
outdated stuff on this. Spring Pet Clinic,
like I said, it's a reference application
to use the Spring Framework. It's been
around for some time. There's a lot of
old stuff out there. I look through the
documentation and there's a lot of
old baggage out there. Some of it is
misleading or just plain incorrect. and
really no longer the way that we develop
Spring Applications. Going back to
version 2, version 3, when this Pet Clinic
came out, things have evolved quite a bit.
If you look at it with new eyes,
there's a lot of outdated stuff out
there. If you're new to the Spring
Framework, I can see how you get very
very confused as to what to use when and
where. That's partly due to the
success of the framework because it's
been so popular, and also how its evolved
over time, because there's a lot of
examples out there and a lot of
evolution behind the framework. My
goal here in the course is to teach you
how to use the framework to its most in
modern technology using Spring Framework 5
and all the goodness that goes along
with Spring Framework 5 to show you how
to be a modern Spring Framework
developer. So I want to go through the
slide deck and talk about a few things.
Like I said, Spring Pet Clinic is a
sample application to show how the
Spring Framework can be
used to build simple database-orient
applications. So we are going to be using
JavaBeans to configure things. We will
use a Spring MVC for the presentation
layer. JDBC, of course, will setup a
database, Application Monitoring based on
JMX. AOP, we'll get in there. Data
Validation. So we'll do a lot of things
in this. You can see the last bullet
point there. There's a lot of Forks of
this and I'll show you some of those
Forks.
I will provide the github link so you
can see. This is just a simple Petclinic
application allowing owners and
veterinarians to schedule appointments
for their pets, basically. So, a couple
screenshots there. We're not gonna
recreate those exactly, but talking about
the software layers that we're gonna be
utilizing, we will use Spring Data JPA
at the bottom. There you can see the
different profiles to implement JPA or
JDBC. We may get into that as well.
Transactional and cashable, that's
something that I will be adding to the
course at the time of recording. So, we'll
get to see how to configure caching. And
then Spring MVC, how that works with it.
Here, they're talking about JSPs.
JSPs are still very much out there in
the industry. One of the things that's
very popular to use is Thymeleaf. That's
where all the industry is going right
now is to use Thymeleaf for creating HTML
and you do see me use that in the course.
Thymeleaf is my preferred. Looking at
the download metrics right now, Thymeleaf
is very much the number one thing in
Java for developing web applications. Now,
this is the domain model. You can see
that we have an owner, we have a pet, we
have a visit person, and then the
veterinary and specialties. So we will go
ahead and create this data model as we
go forward and get that working. We're
talking about data access here using a
repository, so we will follow the
repository paradigm in developing those
for data access. Here's some stuff
that's a little bit off. We are going to
be using the H2 database, and I'll show
you how to set up MySQL. We won't be
doing Postgres on this unless there's a
request for it. We will get into using
different profiles and we will get into
that further in the course. Caching is a
very important thing that
we will be setting up and configuring.
Maybe not exactly like this because not
too much XML is used anymore for
configuration. Transaction management,
that is also a very important topic
which we will cover. Exception handling
we will definitely cover. AOP, that
will be covered as well. Continuing here,
View Resolver is an important topic as
well. This here is showing some HTML /
JSP. We will be using Thymeleaf in place
of this. Again, I'm not using JSP but
Thymeleaf. Validation, of course, we will get
into. Web Jars is huge. We will definitely
be using those. I am not going to address
LESS using that but you can see examples
in this. Java based configuration, we will
definitely be doing that. Unit Testing,
I'm going to take the opportunity to use
JUnit 5. So when I develop this course,
JUnit 4 was out, so I have a large JUnit
4 test code out there.
JUnit 5 has been released and I want
to get you solid experience. You go
entering the industry right now, there is
a ton of JUnit 4 out there. So JUnit 4
is not going anywhere. It's been stable.
It's widely accepted, but J unit 5 is out
there coming and we will leverage JUnit
5 in this project. Now, there's a couple
different things here. There's actually
two stacks out there. I'll review
this. There is the Spring Framework Petclinic. You can see there in the center
column. This is plain old Spring
Framework without Spring Boot and we
have the Spring Boot version. There's
two different versions that are being
supported right now by the Spring team.
You can review that source code. I am
going to focus on using the Spring Boot
because that's really where the industry
is going right now. And then, here's some
other versions and some references here.
So if you want to dig into it there's more. So
let me toggle over to github right now.
Here is the reference application.
I will include these URLs in the
course. So this is a Petclinic
application. This is the Spring Boot
version. You can see it up a
presentation here, that's what I just
went through, and then also under a
different github organization, Spring Pet
Clinic, there's this whole collection of
different versions of Petclinic. So we
have AngularJS, ReactJS, one
developed in micro-services. One developed
in Kotlin. So a number of different
versions here that we can leverage and
you can go in and learn from. But I am
going to start my own version and we are
going to go in and develop it step by
step as we go through the course. So it
will be my own version but I want to
make you aware this is not my work. This
is a very, I mean, this has been massively
forked a lot by the Spring community and
Spring Developers. We're going to start a
brand new application and we are going
to go through it step by step so you can
understand how to build a Spring
Framework project.